mayanplayerestate_A0=Stor Pyramid
mayancrafter_A0=Hantverkare
mayanarmyforge_A0=Jägarens Hus
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Träsnidarens Hus
mayanlibrary_A0=Bibliotek
mayanacropolis_A0=Kunglig Bollplan
mayanalter_A0=Offer Altare
mayanhouse_A0=Maya Hem
mayanhouse_B0=Maya Hem
mayanhouse_C0=Maya Hem
mayanhouse_D0=Maya Hem
mayanlumber_A0=Skogshuggarens hus
mayanmining_A0=Sten gruva
mayanguard_A0=Vakt hus
mayangrove_A0=Skogsdunge
mayanpyramid_A0=Pyramid
mayaninn_A0=Värdshus
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Väldigt stort Hus
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Väldigt Stort Hus
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Lägre Hem
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Topp Hus
mayanbakery_A0=Bageri
mayanballcourt_A0=Bollplan
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Stor Pyramid
mayancalendar_A0=Sol Kalender
mayancave_A0=Grotta
mayancistern_A0=Tank
mayancornfarm_A0=Majs Farm
mayancornfarm_B0=Majs Farm
mayancornfarm_C0=Majs Farm
mayanobservatory_A0=Observatorium
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Kyckling Farm
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Stor Tomt
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Mellan Tomt
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Liten Tomt
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Gammalt Hus
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Shamanens mark
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=KycklingFarm
mayantemple_A0=Tempel
mayanwatchtower_A0=Vakt Torn
mayanmarket_A0=Marknad
mayancacaofarm_A0=Kakao Plantage
mayancacaofarm_B0=Kakao Plantage
mayanobsidiancrafter_A0=Obsidian Verkstad

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Spelarens Pyramid

lonemayancave_A0=Maya Grotta
lonemayanfarm_A0=Maya Enslig Farm
lonemayanshaman_A0=Shamanens Mark
mayanbandits_A0=Bandit Utpost
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Pyramid Ruin
mayanbandithome_A0=Bandit Hem
lonemayanruin_A0=Maya Hem Ruin
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Maya Majs Farm ruin
lonemayanmining_A0=Sten Gruva Ruin
mayanpyramid_A0=Maya Pyramid
lonemayanpyramid_A0=Maya Pyramid Ruin


gifthouse_a0=Present Hus

questpyramid_A0=Förbannad Pyramid
questpyramid_pit_A0=Förbannad Pyramid
questpyramid_guards_A0=Förbannad Pyramid
questpyramid_jail_A0=Förbannad Pyramid

questguardtower_A0=Vakt Torn
questcamphouse_A0=Barrack
questbarrack_A0=Barrack

mayancamp_A0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_outerguard_A0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_dig_A0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_wall_A0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_jail_A0=Maya Läger
mayancamp_innerguard_A0=Maya Läger

questcave_door_A0=Maya Grotta
questcave_A0=Maya Grotta