Abbey_A0=Abtei
alchemyworkshop_A0=Alchemiewerkstatt
archives_A0=Archiv
armoury_A0=Armeeschmiede 
bakery_A0=Bäckerei
carpenterhouse_A0=Schreinerei
cattlefarm_A0=Rinderzucht
church_A0=Kapelle
church_A2=Kirche
darkoakgrove_a0=Schwarzeichen Hain
farm_A0=Bauernhof
farm_B0=Bauernhof
forge_A0=Schmiede
fort_A0=Festung
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Wachturm
fort_A_righttower_A0=Wachturm
fountain_A0=Springbrunnen
grove_A0=Hain
grove_B0=Hain
grove_C0=Hain
guardhouse_A0=Haus der Wache
guesthouse_A0=Gästehaus
guildhouse_A0=Gildenhalle
inn_A0=Herberge
largefort_A0=Große Festung
largefort_A_armoury_A0=Schmiede der großen Festung
largefort_A_barrack_A0=Wachhaus
largefountain_A0=Grosser Springbrunnen
lumbermanhut_A0=Holzfällerhütte
lumbermanhut_B0=Holzfällerhütte
manor_A0=Landhaus
market_A0=Markt
pigfarm_A0=Schweinezucht
playerestate_A0=Anwesen
playerhugefield_A0=Riesiges Grundstück
playerlargefort_A0=Große Festung des Spielers
playerlargefield_A0=Großes Grundstück
playerlargehouse_A0=Bürgerliches Haus
playersmallfield_A0=Kleines Grundstück
playersmallhouse_A0=Kleines Haus
presbytery_A0=Pfarrhaus
quarry_A0=Steinbruch
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Schafzucht
tavern_A0=Taverne
townhall_A0=Rathaus
townhallagricole_A0=Landwirt. Rathaus
watchtower_A0=Wachturm
well_A0=Brunnen

playerfort_A0=Festung des Spielers
anomalyone_A0=Anomalie
anomalytwo_A0=Anomalie
anomalythree_A0=Anomalie

custom_chickenfarm=Hühnerfarm

abandonedmill_A0=Verlassene Mühle
abandonedmine_A0=Verlassene Mine
abandonedtower_A0=Verlassener Turm
alchemisttower_A0=Turm des Alchemisten
banditlair_A0=Banditenversteck
bandittower_A0=Banditenturm
feloncastle_A0=Raubritterburg
loneabbey_A0=Abgelegenes Kloster
loneinn_A0=Abgelegene Gaststätte
lonelumbermanhut_A0=Einsame Holzfällerhütte
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Einsame Holzfällerhütte
lonemill_A0=Einsame Wassermühle
lonemine_A0=Steinbruch
pantheon_A0=Pantheon
ruinedfarm_A0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
ruinedfarm_B0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
ruinedfarm_C0=Zerstörter Bauernhof

gifthouse_a0=Geschenkhaus



abbaye_A_altar_A0=Altar
abbaye_A_apse_bottom_A0=Apsis (Norden)
abbaye_A_choir_top_A0=Chor (Süden)
abbaye_A_confessional_A0=Beichtstuhl
abbaye_A_council_A0=Ratskammer
abbaye_A_dome_A0=Kuppel
abbaye_A_library_A0=Bücherei
abbaye_A_nave_left_bottom_A0=Hauptschiff (Nordost)
abbaye_A_nave_left_top_A0=Hauptschiff (Südost)
abbaye_A_nave_right_bottom_A0=Hauptschiff (Nordwest)
abbaye_A_nave_right_top_A0=Hauptschiff (Südost)
abbaye_A_organ_A0=Orgel
abbaye_A_pews_A0=Kirchengestühl
abbaye_A_portal_A0=Portal
abbaye_A_pulpit_A0=Kanzel
abbaye_A_tower_bottom_A0=Nordturm
abbaye_A_tower_top_A0=Südturm
abbaye_A_transept_bottom_A0=Nördliches Auerschiff
abbaye_A_transept_top_A0=Südliches Auerschiff
abbaye_A_treasury_A0=Kirchenschatz
