mayanplayerestate_A0=Gran pirámide
mayancrafter_A0=Casa del artesano
mayanarmyforge_A0=Herrería del cazador
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Casa del escultor
mayanlibrary_A0=Biblioteca
mayanacropolis_A0=Campo de juego real
mayanalter_A0=Altar de sacrificios
mayanhouse_A0=Casa
mayanhouse_B0=Casa
mayanhouse_C0=Casa
mayanhouse_D0=Casa
mayanlumber_A0=Casa de leñador
mayanmining_A0=Mina de piedra
mayanguard_A0=Casa del guardia
mayangrove_A0=Arboleda
mayanpyramid_A0=Pirámide
mayaninn_A0=Posada
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Casa grande
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Casa grande
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Casa inferior
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Casa superior
mayanbakery_A0=Panadería
mayanballcourt_A0=Campo de bola
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Pirámide
mayancalendar_A0=Calendario solar
mayancave_A0=Cueva
mayancistern_A0=Cisterna
mayancornfarm_A0=Granja de maiz
mayancornfarm_B0=Granja de maiz
mayancornfarm_C0=Granja de maiz
mayanobservatory_A0=Observatorio
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Granja de pollos
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Terreno grande
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Terreno medio
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Terreno pequeño
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Casa vieja
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Jardines del chamán
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Granja de pollos
mayantemple_A0=Templo
mayanwatchtower_A0=Torre de guardia
mayanmarket_A0=Mercado
mayancacaofarm_A0=Plantación de cacao
mayancacaofarm_B0=Plantación de cacao
mayanobsidiancrafter_A0=Casa artesanal de obsidiana

mayanwell_A0=Well
mayanbigwell_A0=Well Grande
mayanshrine_A0=Santuario

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Pirámide del jugador

lonemayancave_A0=Cueva maya
lonemayanfarm_A0=Granja solitaria maya
lonemayanshaman_A0=Jardines del Chamán
mayanbandits_A0=Puesto avanzado bandido
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Pirámide perdida
mayanbandithome_A0=Morada de bandidos
lonemayanruin_A0=Vivienda maya perdida
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Maizal maya perdido
lonemayanmining_A0=Mina de piedra perdida
mayanpyramid_A0=Pirámide
lonemayanpyramid_A0=Pirámide perdida


gifthouse_a0=Casa de Regalo

questpyramid_A0=Pirámide maldita
questpyramid_pit_A0=Pirámide maldita
questpyramid_guards_A0=Pirámide maldita
questpyramid_jail_A0=Pirámide maldita

questguardtower_A0=Torre de Guardia
questcamphouse_A0=Barraca
questbarrack_A0=Barraca

mayancamp_A0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_outerguard_A0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_dig_A0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_wall_A0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_jail_A0=Campamento Maya
mayancamp_innerguard_A0=Campamento Maya

questcave_door_A0=Cueva Maya
questcave_A0=Cueva Maya