mayanacropolis_A0=Royal Ball Court
mayanalter_A0=Sacrificial Alter
mayanarmyforge_A0=Hunter's Forge
mayanbakery_A0=Bakery
mayanballcourt_A0=Ball Court
mayancacaofarm_A0=Cocoa Plantation
mayancacaofarm_B0=Cocoa Plantation
mayancalendar_A0=Sun Calendar
mayancave_A0=Cave
mayancistern_A0=Cistern
mayancornfarm_A0=Corn Farm
mayancornfarm_B0=Corn Farm
mayancornfarm_C0=Corn Farm
mayancrafter_A0=Crafter
mayangrove_A0=Grove
mayanguard_A0=Guardian's House
mayanhouse_A0=Maya Home
mayanhouse_B0=Maya Home
mayanhouse_C0=Maya House
mayanhouse_D0=Maya House
mayaninn_A0=Inn
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Lower Home
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Top House
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Very Big Home
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Very Big House
mayanlibrary_A0=Library
mayanlumber_A0=Axeman's House
mayanmarket_A0=Market
mayanmining_A0=Stone Mine
mayanobservatory_A0=Observatory
mayanobsidiancrafter_A0=Obsidian Workshop
mayanplayerestate_A0=Big Pyramid
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Great Pyramid
mayanpyramid_A0=Pyramid
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Carver's House
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Shaman's Grounds
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Chicken Farm
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Chicken Farm
mayantemple_A0=Temple
mayanwatchtower_A0=Watch Tower

mayanbigwell_A0=Large Well
mayanshrine_A0=Shrine
mayanwell_A0=Well

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Player's Pyramid
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Big Plot
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Medium Plot
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Small Plot
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Old House

lonemayancave_A0=Maya Cave
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Lost Maya Corn Farm
lonemayanfarm_A0=Maya Solitary Farm
lonemayanmining_A0=Lost Stone Mine
lonemayanpyramid_A0=Lost Maya Pyramid
lonemayanruin_A0=Lost Maya Home
lonemayanshaman_A0=Shaman's Grounds
mayanbandithome_A0=Bandit Home
mayanbandits_A0=Bandit Outpost
mayanpyramid_A0=Maya Pyramid
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Lost Pyramid

gifthouse_a0=Gift House

questpyramid_A0=Cursed Pyramid
questpyramid_pit_A0=Cursed Pyramid
questpyramid_guards_A0=Cursed Pyramid
questpyramid_jail_A0=Cursed Pyramid

questbarrack_A0=Barrack
questcamphouse_A0=Barrack
questguardtower_A0=Guard tower

mayancamp_A0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_dig_A0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_innerguard_A0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_jail_A0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_outerguard_A0=Maya Camp
mayancamp_wall_A0=Maya Camp

questcave_A0=Maya Cave
questcave_door_A0=Maya Cave